thousands of protesters block a highway
in Tel Aviv they're demanding Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin netanyahu's
government brings captives held in Gaza
back home Ang has been building after
the war cabinet announc it to go ahead
with a military offensive in Rafa
putting the lives of their relatives at
risk I think that our government is not
willing to seize fire and that's why I'm
so worried I think our government is
about to enter Rafa and this will be a
death sentence for the hostages and as
well for our soldiers and for many many
many
Palestinians Israel has already
conducted air strikes in eastern Rafa
our
absolutely crazy government wants to
enter a Rafa it wants to continue the
war instead and which will not bring any
peace it will kill more uh Palestinian
civilians of course it will kill our
soldiers and it will kill our
hostages demonstrators say the window to
bring captives back home safely will
close if ministers don't agree the
proposal accepted by hamus for sure
after Hamas told that he accept the deal
we should say yes let's sit and talk and
uh do anything we can do to bring the
hostages home we call our government to
accept
this after months of stalemate ceasefire
negotiations appear to be at a critical
stage Netanyahu says the latest proposal
doesn't meet Israel's demands including
the destruction of Hamas but he says
Israel will send a delegation to Cairo
for talks Barbara Anga Al
[Music]
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer